Replace "users" with friendlier terms (#1125)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/android/grapheneos-vs-calyxos.en.md

Android 12 comes with special support for seamless app updates with [third party app stores](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2020/09/listening-to-developer-feedback-to.html). The popular Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) repository [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org) doesn't implement this feature and requires a [privileged extension](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged) to be included with the Android distribution in order to have unattended app installation.

> GrapheneOS doesn't compromise on security; therefore, they do not include the F-Droid extension, because you have to confirm all updates manually on F-Droid. Alternatively, you can use the Droid-ify client which does support seamless app updates in Android 12. GrapheneOS officially recommends [Sandboxed Google Play](https://grapheneos.org/usage#sandboxed-google-play) instead. Many FOSS Android apps are also in Google Play but sometimes they are not (like [NewPipe](../video-streaming.md)).

Author: Thoughts?:

```suggestion
GrapheneOS does not include F-Droid, because all updates have to be manually installed, which poses a security risk. However, you can use the Droid-ify client for F-Droid which does support seamless (background) app updates in Android 12. GrapheneOS officially recommends [Sandboxed Google Play](https://grapheneos.org/usage#sandboxed-google-play) instead. Many FOSS Android apps are also in Google Play but sometimes they are not (like [NewPipe](../video-streaming.md)).
```

> GrapheneOS doesn't compromise on security; therefore, they do not include the F-Droid extension, because you have to confirm all updates manually on F-Droid. Alternatively, you can use the Droid-ify client which does support seamless app updates in Android 12. GrapheneOS officially recommends [Sandboxed Google Play](https://grapheneos.org/usage#sandboxed-google-play) instead. Many FOSS Android apps are also in Google Play but sometimes they are not (like [NewPipe](../video-streaming.md)).

Reviewer: That sounds great. Tho should include a link somewhere to https://www.privacyguides.org/android/#droid-ify since that has additional info
